###
The bot works with multiple guilds.
Each guild has an unique identifier, and some channenls.
One channel may be designated as a mod log channel.
One channel may be designated as a message log channel.
Some of the channels of the guild may be logged, meaning that each message edited
or deleted will be logged into the message log channel.
All infractions made by the users will be logged into the mod log channel.

Aside from the guilds, the bot also works with users.
Each user has an unique identifier, and they may be part of some guilds.
The bot needs to keep track of the joining date of the user to a guild, alongside the first
joining date.
Each user can run an indeterminate amount of commands, which the bot only needs
to keep track about the amount of commands run.
Each user may commit some infractions, which the bot only needs to keep track
about the amount of infractions made.
Aside from this, each user has some currency that they can spend inside the wish system.
The currecies the bot needs to keep track of are "acquaint fate", "primogems",
and "interwined fate".

###
Inside the wish system the bot works with the following:

A character has an unique identifier alonside a name and a rarity.
The rarity of the character is either 3, 4, or 5 stars.
The character may be an event exclusive one.
The bot needs to keep track about the update were the 4 star character was added.

A weapon has an unique identifier alongside a name and a rarity.
The rarity of the weapon is either 3, 4, or 5 stars.
The weapon may be an event exclusive one.

A wish has an unique identifer and a name.
A wish may be an event wish or the standard wish.
An event wish may be a weapon or character wish.
Each wish has a pool.
A weapon event wish has a pool composed of 5star weapons, 4star characters and weapons,
and 3star weapons.
A character event wish has a pool composed of 5star characters, 4star characters and weapons,
and 3star weapons.
The standard wish has a pool composed of all the non event characters and weapons, excluding
the 4star characters added in an update higher than the previous.

Each time the user rolls the standard wish they have a 0.6% chance of it being a 5star character
or weapon, 5.1% chance of it being a 4star character or weapon and a 94.3% chance of it being a
3star weapon.
If the user rolls 9 or more wishes without getting a 4star item the chance of getting a 3star
item is given to the chance of getting a 4star item.
If the user rolls 74 wishes without getting a 5star item, the chances of one dropping increase.
If the user rolls 89 wishes without getting a 5star item, the chances of one dropping
increases to 100%.
The consolidated chances are the following:
  5star: 1.6%
  4star: 13%
  3star: 85.4%

A character wish has the same odds than the standard wish, however if the first 4star item
wasn't the event item, the next 4star item is guaranteed to be one of the event items.
If the user rolls a 4star or 5star item, there is a 50% chance it will be a promotional one.
Also, the odd increases and the event guarantee is shared among all character wishes.

The weapon wish has the following odds (base, consolidated) :
  5star: 0.7% , 1.85%
  4star: 6%   , 14.5%
  3star: 93.3%, 83.65%
The mechanics on the pity are the same, except that the chance of the event weapon dropping is
75%, the odd increase starts at 64 wishes, and the guarantee 5star drop triggers after the wish
number 79.
